Update usage insights docs (#55155)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/assess-dashboard-usage/index.md

Usage insights enables you to have a better understanding of how your Grafana instance is used.

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced]({{< ref "/docs/grafana-cloud" >}}). Grafana Cloud provides additional features via the Usage Insights dashboards. Read more [here](TODO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced]({{< ref LINK SOMEWHERE ELSE HERE? >}}). Grafana Cloud provides additional features via the Usage Insights dashboards. Read more [here](TODO).
```

Reviewer: NIT: "Grafana Cloud provides additional features via the Usage Insights dashboards"

Maybe more like "The Usage Insights dashboards available within GrafanaCloud have some additional features - read more _here_"

Author: I don't understand what you mean with the `LINK SOMEWHERE ELSE HERE?`. Not sure where else that would link?

Reviewer: Sorry, I think I explained it better while we were pairing. 
The link text talks about Pro and Advanced specifically. If we could link somewhere more specific, I think that would be an improvement. Not a big deal though, and just a suggestion - there's probably nowhere better to link to right now.

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced]({{< ref "/grafana-cloud" >}}). Grafana Cloud insights logs include additional fields with their own dashboards. Read more [here]({{< ref "/docs/grafana-cloud/usage-insights" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud/). Grafana Cloud insights logs include additional fields with their own dashboards. Read more in the [Grafana Cloud documentation](/docs/grafana-cloud/usage-insights/).
```

- Views 30 days

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/improved-search-7-5.png" max-width="650px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

> ## Usage insights dashboards

Reviewer: Already discussed during pairing - just to suggest linking here form the "contents" bullets at the top of the page.

> If you set up your installation to [export logs of usage insights]({{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-security/export-logs/" >}}), we've created two dashboards to help you take advantage of this data. First is an [overview dashboard](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/13785-usage-insights/) to provide a top-level perspective of user activity. Second is a [data source details](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/13786-grafana-usage-insights-datasource-details/) dashboard to provide a view of data source activity and health. You can click the previous links to download the respective dashboard JSON, then import into your Grafana installation.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'm the best person to review, because I have some open questions still:

1. Do we actually intend for Usage Insights to be available to OSS customers? Or do we want this really to be a paid feature, and an incentive to upgrade?

Reviewer: NIT: Instead of "First" and "second", maybe a numbered-list would be simpler here?

- Views 30 days

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/improved-search-7-5.png" max-width="650px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

## Visualize usage insights data

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) version 7.0 and later, and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced]({{< ref "/docs/grafana-cloud" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) version 7.0 and later, and [Grafana Cloud Pro and Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud/).
```
